[Music]
ten riddles that will make you wrack
your brain are you a fan of cracking
math and logic riddles then you're
exactly where you need to be these new
riddles will make you think really hard
warning
most people don't manage to puzzle out
the correct answers before you accept
this challenge hit the subscription
button and ring the notification bell
this way you'll get to the bright side
of life and will be the first to see all
the updates that appear on the channel
every day great now we can begin
after each riddle you'll have 15 seconds
to figure out the answer are you ready
to wrack your brain then off we go 1
tables riddle for men can build 4 tables
in 4 hours in this case how many tables
will 8 men build in 8 hours remember
that you have just 15 seconds to figure
out the answer the countdown has started
[Music]
was it your first instinct to say eight
tables because that's immediately what
came to my mind but in fact the correct
answer is sixteen tables it makes sense
because eight men worked for twice as
long as for men to money riddle a duck
got nine dollars a spider received 36
dollars a bee was given 27 dollars based
on this information
how much money will a cat get remember
that you have 15 seconds to find the
answer you might need your calculator
[Music]
have you cracked the puzzle hopefully
your knowledge of biology helped you out
the cat will get 18 dollars because it
has four legs each animal receives four
dollars 50 cents per leg three a brother
puzzle one boy says about his little
brother I was three times older than my
brother two years ago I will be twice as
old as my brother in three years how old
are the brothers right now well 15
seconds be enough for you to crack this
math puzzle
[Music]
here's the right answer the older
brother is 17 and the younger is seven
two years ago they were 15 and five and
they will be twenty and ten in three
years from now for matchstick puzzle
let's play with matchsticks now here's
an equation made with the help of
matches unfortunately it's wrong can you
make it true by moving just one
matchstick take your time
if 15 seconds isn't enough you can pause
the video here we go you needed to turn
the first plus sign into a subtract sign
by getting rid of one matchstick voila 2
minus 2 plus 3 equals 3/5 ants riddle
you probably know that ants move in
groups in one such group there were two
ants in front of two ants - ants behind
two ants and two ants next to two ants
how many ants were in the group here's a
small hint you probably won't need your
calculator
even if it seems that there were lots of
ants in the group in reality there were
four they simply stood in a square
formation did you get it right then
right about your achievement in the
comments below six a walk to school Nick
and Sam live in different districts of a
city but they go to the same school Sam
left home 15 minutes earlier the neck
they met in the park who was closer to
school when they met you have 15 seconds
to figure it out have you cracked the
riddle right the boys met in the same
place this means they are equally far
from school seven bees and flowers there
are some flowers growing in a field with
some bees flying over them how many
flowers and bees are there if both of
the following statements are true if all
the bees land on all the flowers one bee
for one flower one bee won't get a
flower if every two bees decide to share
a flower one flower will be left without
a bee ah that's confusing do you think
you'll manage to find the answer in 15
seconds
[Music]
if you've decided that there are four
B's and three flowers you're absolutely
right in this case hit the like button
let's see how many people nailed it
eight cards riddle when several friends
decided to play cards they notice that a
few cards had been lost from a complete
pack but they found out that if they
dealt the rest of the cards among four
people three cards would remain if they
dealt these cards between three people
two cards would remain and if they
distributed the cards among five people
again two cards would remain how many
cards were left in the pack wow that's a
task if you need some extra time like I
know I do just pause the video and
here's the right answer there were 47
cards left in the pack let's see if 47
is divided by 4 3 is left over and if 47
is divided by either 3 or 5/2 is left
over 9 a heavy load 2 friends mark and
Timothy were walking home from the
supermarket with their purchases it was
the last week before Christmas so they
had a lot of bags mark kept complaining
about how heavy his bags were Timothy
told him I don't understand why you're
nagging if you gave me one of your bags
I would have twice as many bags as you
if I gave you one of my bags we'd have
the same number how many bags were the
guys carrying I hope your answer will be
at the ready when your time is over
[Music]
Timothy only had seven bags while Mark
was only carrying five bags ten make a
square did you like the matchstick
puzzle then you're in for one more treat
you can see four matches on the screen
move just one of these matches to form a
square you have 15 seconds to figure out
how to do this if you need more time
perhaps to grab real matchsticks and
practice feel free to pause the video
[Music]
are you ready then let's compare answers
you had to pay attention to the way the
matches were arranged and then think out
of the box if you move the top match up
just a little bit you'll get a square
though it's a really tiny one but there
wasn't anything about the size of the
square in the task right how many
puzzles did you solve which one was the
most difficult tell us in the comments
below if you had fun watching this video
hit the like button and remember to
subscribe because life is more exciting
on the bright side
[Music]